Ah! A lot of time has passed!
Come on, don’t hold back, go ahead, go ahead
Really, thank you so much for coming!
It's cold outside, right?
After all, it’s snowing, right?
Good, take it, use this wet hot towel
Are you doing well?
What do you want to drink?
It's true, well, the ginger ale is good, but...
...Lately it seems to have gotten... popular...
...The Hot Ginger...
Do you want to try it?
I don’t know if it's tasty
A Hot Ginger, please!
Man! A lot, a lot of time has passed! Right?
That's right, I changed the interior
In fact...
...Well, we got delayed a lot in opening the store...
...And the rest of...
...The providers, well...
...They lent me...
Right?
...This shop temporarily
That's right...
So while this is a borrowed store...
...I’m preparing a new store so then wait a little longer, yes?
Yes, it also should have a karaoke section
Man, thanks to all of you, I was able to reopen the store!
Really, really thank you so much!
Man, you know...
...Really, I wanted to talk to you guys again in this store so then I’m very happy
Even though this store has changed
Also...
...I got a lot of mail
It's sudden, but...
Can I read them?
In this case, I’ll start with the first letter
Penname: Wakame@tsuaraーV
"Good day! Mama!"
"I was always waiting anxiously for your store’s reopening!!"
"In this case..."
"...I’m a 22 year old man who wants to be a racer in boat racing"
"To turn into a boat racing racer, I should graduate in a training institute"
"To be able to enter a training institute, there exists 3 tests..."
"...The approval rate is very low and it is very difficult to achieve"
"There also exists a corporal weight limit..."
"...So then the restrictions on food and training is exhausting, but..."
"...At seeing AI-chan’s videos, I always recover my enthusiasm"
"Nevertheless, I also have to consider that I am 22 years old..."
"What will I do if I can’t make it as a racer?"
"That worry has been tormenting me"
"It's because of that, that..."
"...If you want, I’d like to receive a bit of encouragement by you, Ai-mama"
"I feel like if you do..."
"...I can increase my motivation enormously compared to how I find myself now"
"I hope you can please grant me this selfish desire that I have!"
Mmm... I see...
I see, definitely...
...You worry that you’re 22 years old...
It's true
Well, while it's true that it has a big challenge for approving...
...And that it’s rather worrying...
Since it's your future! Right?
Definitely, guys worry what would happen if they’re not able to...
... marry and maintain their family
Right at this age, around 22 years old...
...Everyone around you are getting and finding jobs, so then...
...I think there's a lot of unnecessary worries, right?
But, well, it doesn’t mean that you’re going to die, so then...
Why don’t you do it?
After all, you don’t have anything to worry that people around you are looking for jobs
After all, their company can go bankrupt...
...Or can be laid off during a company restructure
And well...
...A lot of things can happen…
You only need to do what you want and work hard each day to get it
If you do it, you have nothing to worry about!
You only need to do what you want to do!
If the moment arrives when it turns impossible
You will somehow manage it!
After all, there exists a lot of professions
If you want...
...You can come work in Snack AI
How about if you come and be our waiter?
Well, it's because of that...
...Don’t think too much on what awaits you
Only look ahead...!
...And take the exam for registration!
With the feeling of: "I’ll become a boat racing racer!"!
Well, first off, you musn’t let other people beat you...!
At least by level of feelings!
Let's all do our best!
After all, I’ll also do my best!
Yes!
Well, if you get any other worries again, I’ll always be up for listening
So then, come!
Yes?
Come on, do your best!
Good! Onto the second!
Penname: Negoshi
"Good evening, Ai-mama"
"Congratulations for the reopening of Snack Ai"
"Lately it has become a daily routine to drink at night while watching videos of Ai-mama and Ai-chan"
"Nevertheless, at being entertained so much while watching the videos, I end up drinking more without noticing"
"The alcohol effects at the next day are very hard to handle"
"Is there a method to make sure you stop drinking alcohol after you have reached an adequate amount?"
"I’ll be counting on you"
"PS: I’d like to drink the Ai Whisky that's part of the decor behind you"
"Do you plan on launching it for sale?"
Mmm... I see...
Well...
...Drinking so much that it affects the next day...
...That’s not at all good, right?
Eh? Also...
...The key is what you drink on your account
It's not that, well...
...Ending up affecting the next day for going to a party in which your boss insisted by saying: "Come, drink, drink"
Well...
In my case...
...I think that people who can fix their problems on their own are great, buuuut...
What do you think?
Don’t you think it's important to be able to control yourself?
It's because of that, that...
Mmm... well... isn’t it about that?
First!
For example: "I won’t go buy alcohol!"
Or also: "Today, I shouldn’t drink more than this!"
Determine it yourself!
Well, after all, it's about a fight against yourself
After all…
...If you think: "Whatever, after all, I won’t drink more than that"
Watch my videos, right?
Just like I said before...!
...In my case, people can fix their own problems...!
I think they’re great, so then...!
Well, I want you to think...
...That I think you’re great
So then, do your best to control yourself
Well, the way you stop drinking...
...Taking into account that it's yourself who’s drinking...
...Only you can stop drinking
Yes
Ah, of course...
...Since this is the other store...
...The Ai Whisky...
...Isn’t around, right?
Well, but, doesn’t...?
Doesn’t it tend to happen? In the real world...
In reality, well, that's the drink that...
That person drank!
Or also: "That appeared in an anime", they tend to commercialize products in that style!
That way...
Someday, "That's from that Virtual Mama"!
"That’s the product that appeared in mama’s shop!"
I’m sure...
I’m sure that one person from some company...
Will think about it!
Right?
Having said that...
...Well... when it gets commercialized... I’ll be counting on you!
How did I do? Well, a lot of time has passed...
...That I was somewhat nervous, but...
...I wonder if I was able to solve your worries
Mmm... mmm...
In this case, I’m very happy
I’ll always be up for listening when you want
So then, come everyone, yes?
Soon, we’ll see other again?
Eh?
Come again tomorrow?
That's a bit much, right?
Well, it was a joke, joke, joke
No, but you know...
...You two, make sure not to drink too much
Good, in this case, I’ll be waiting for you again
Come in moderately!
Mmm... in this case, everyone...
...If you have any worries or something you want to resolve...
Or any worries with love!
I’d like to hear any worries with love!
Well, those kinds of things...
...Whichever, it doesn't need to be a sorry with love, if you have any consultation that you want to do with me...
...Send them to this address
I’ll be waiting for you!
In this case, well...
...A lot of time has passed... well...
Well...
...Standing up for so long...
...Makes my legs hurt...
...And well, it's rather exhausting so then I’ll close for today
Yes, the taxi probably...
...Now... well, now I called it, so then...
Hasn’t it arrived?
Take care in returning!
The snowy road is really slippery...!
So then, be careful!
And also there's steps there
Yes, take care!
Yees! See you later! Bye bye!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex